Make PKCS12 stores in CA and User Secrets configurable (#12708)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploy-user-operator-standalone.adoc

<19> (Optional) Configuration options for configuring the Kafka Admin client used by the User Operator in the properties format.
<20> (Optional) Regular expression to configure users for which any existing ACLs, Quotas and SCRAM-SHa credentials will be ignored.
This option is useful when you want to configure the User Operator to ignore users that are managed through another mechanism.

> <21> (Optional) Controls automatic creation of PKCS12 stores in the Kafka User Secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<21> (Optional) Controls automatic creation of PKCS12 stores in the Kafka user `Secret` resources.
```
